---
layout: post
title:  The Plan
date:   2018-08-17 20:21:00
---
So where to begin with our plan, this has been a plan for a couple of years now..Our main theme for some places we are heading is for Wrestling. This has been something Matt and I enjoy and we want to experience the Wrestling in the various countries we visit. 
So our journey around the world will begin 17th August 2018 where we are going to head from London to New York. This is to see the NXT Takeover, which has been something I have never seen but Matt has been a few times. Our plan will be due to my Birthday falling on the 18th August, we will head to Central Park as unfortunatly when we visited New York in October we had pretty damp weather and therefore we never got to see all of Central Park, therefore we will spend a day exploring the rest of Central Park. We then move onto Cancun Mexico, where we have booked two tours with Bamba Experience which involves exploring the Chicen Itza Day Trip, Mayan Underworld and the Isla Mujeres. We will then continue our journey to Mexico City where we are going to spend a total of 5 days here and explore the City, we will also visit the Arena Mexico where we hope to visit the vibrant and extravegant wrestling in Mexico City. Not to forgot the amazing food! Our journey then progresses to San Franciso where we are hoping to explore the Yosmite Valley National Park, Golden Gate Bridge, Alcatraz Prision and all the rest of the exciting elements of Country within our 5 days here. We then move onto Honolulu in Hawaii where we are hoping to spend most of our time here relaxing and exploring the various islands, we are going to spend 7 days here. Our final booked destination is to Auckland New Zealand where this is where we are aim to be based until Christmas. During our time in Auckland, I will aim to find myself a short term job, to help us further for the rest of our trip. We are hoping to spend Christmas in Fiji and the New year in Japan, to also see the Japanese Wrestling in early January. Our plan is to then move to South Island New Zealand and purchase a Hop-on-Hop-Off Bus for the southisland to explore the island, we plan to be here until Mach/April 2019 where we aim to head back to Auckland. We would then like to explore Syndney, Tasmania and Bali before aiming to head back to England around May 2019. We have not confirmed this to date yet as we do not know what we may change along the way. Next time we write on here it will be the start of our journey across the world.
